##### Generated on 20170105
 
# Lindsey Stirling - Prism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xO6AWFHVps

# Lindsey Stirling - Something Wild ft. Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness (From Disney's Pete's Dragon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytMqO-WQpQ4

# The Arena - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MCjU-Du3eI

# Night Vision - Lindsey Stirling - New Album  & Summer Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7RDhqeQwbo

# Heist - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVqVwk0rJ64

# We Are Giants ft Dia Frampton - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yUYvyAY954

# Lindsey Stirling - Take Flight [Official Music Video - YTMAs]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAD0BtEv6-Q

# Roundtable Rival - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvipPYFebWc

# Shatter Me Featuring Lzzy Hale - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49tpIMDy9BE

# Crystallize - Lindsey Stirling (Dubstep Violin Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHjpOzsQ9YI

# Beyond The Veil - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg7L0OQiN78

# Elements - Lindsey Stirling (Dubstep Violin Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf6LD2B_kDQ

# Master of Tides - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrutzRWXkKs

# Shadows - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGCsyshUU-A

# Minimal Beat - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZa1iFO0Juk

# Elements (Orchestral Version) - Lindsey Stirling - Dracula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqtKpLUd3Ng

# Stars Align - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55_bV4ORRFM

# Moon Trance - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dfZ9BXaNyE

# Transcendence (Orchestral)- Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHdkRvEzW84

# Transcendence Music Video - Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiyPRqP5glY

# Song of the Caged Bird - Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inb8MMZ-QmA

# Electric Daisy Violin- Lindsey Stirling (Original Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxIOUJ7by6U

# Spontaneous Me -Lindsey Stirling (original song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRPOztxXWlQ

# Lindsey Stirling - Hold My Heart feat. ZZ Ward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCTWBHP6lV0

# OneRepublic - Kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y56lpXvXbs0

# OneRepublic - Wherever I Go (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXWrjWDQh7Q

# OneRepublic - I Lived (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKt3o7WPYdo

# OneRepublic - Love Runs Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OWj0CiM8WU

# OneRepublic - Something I Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKCGBgOgp08

# OneRepublic - Counting Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg

# OneRepublic - All The Right Moves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrOeGCJdZe4

# OneRepublic - Stop And Stare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtNS1afUOnE

# Of Monsters And Men - Wolves Without Teeth (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6OuIpdqGhQ

# Of Monsters and Men - Empire (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uXL5JcD3zw

# Of Monsters and Men - Human (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EnrFe3Zb6k

# Of Monsters and Men - Organs (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJZDHW6txk4

# Of Monsters and Men - Crystals (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-PgPZ3F9P4

# Of Monsters And Men - Winter Sound (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cgiKevlNQo

# Of Monsters And Men - Backyard (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmyVnOgi-MM

# Of Monsters and Men - Hunger (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n106Qo0D948

# Of Monsters and Men - I Of The Storm (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlCkafSYNJI

# Of Monsters And Men - Yellow Light (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBlKPLeLU_s

# Of Monsters And Men - Lakehouse (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBkkplOiSjQ

# Of Monsters And Men - Your Bones (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXUloVYbchg

# Of Monsters And Men - Little Talks (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY8rOSyR5Rw

# Of Monsters And Men - From Finner (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7Gr6HBMDu0

# Of Monsters And Men - Mountain Sound (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt7ox1M_XG4

# Of Monsters And Men - King And Lionheart (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtyBBoOUgho

# Of Monsters And Men - Dirty Paws (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCHUw7ACS8o

# Imagine Dragons - Shots (Broiler Remix) ft. Broiler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTMo_wEwMnw

# Imagine Dragons - Roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PscXGpsF3dY

# Imagine Dragons - Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl3ELiPXFRo

# Imagine Dragons - I Bet My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ht80uzIhNs

# Imagine Dragons - Radioactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktvTqknDobU

# Imagine Dragons - It's Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sENM2wA_FTg

# Imagine Dragons - On Top Of The World (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5tWYmIOWGk

# Sia - Cheap Thrills (Performance Edit)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31crA53Dgu0

# Sia - The Greatest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKSRyLdjsPA

# Sia - Footprints (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAmlaJSOyd0

# Sia - House On Fire (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMVgLulcGQA

# Sia - Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2NgsJrrAyM

# Sia - Big Girls Cry (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NhKWZpkw1Q

# Sia - Elastic Heart feat. Shia LaBeouf & Maddie Ziegler (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWZGAExj-es

# Sia - Chandelier (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vjPBrBU-TM

# Taylor Swift - Bad Blood ft. Kendrick Lamar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcIy9NiNbmo

# Taylor Swift - Wildest Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdneKLhsWOQ

# Taylor Swift - Blank Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ORhEE9VVg

# Taylor Swift - Style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CmadmM5cOk

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - To All Of You By Syd Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnG6icGIm0o

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Crosses By José González
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKV6POjDSII

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Santa Monica Dream By Angus & Julia Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaOb3B_nsY0

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Piano Fire By Sparklehorse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaf2RApJxnk

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Something Good By alt-J
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5z3AqB3R8Os

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Mt. Washington By Local Natives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS_03_JO260

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Lua By Bright Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJei82fOchI

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Kids Will Be Skeletons By Mogwai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PxS8wA1ES4

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - In My Mind By Amanda Palmer Feat  Brian Viglione
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pd2wP1Ik0_Y

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Mountains By Message To Bears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZQuvl3bfqQ

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Got Well Soon By Breton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3WgvbKtS_Y

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - The Sense Of Me By Mudflow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=499AH0HrGNU

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Spanish Sahara By Foals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV21LUg7VRA

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Obstacles By Syd Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGuHtbcCDEA

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Golden hour By Johnathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4kCDKhJ4FU

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - The Storm By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RWik0yKLV0

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Blackwell Academy By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kx71KUxWj60

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Kate By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEQU2VPf1ZE

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Timeless By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3qxyH-D1VI

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Timelines By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hCqZlloUiE

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack - Night Walk By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSLgInDWMpo

# Life Is Strange Soundtrack Max & Chloe By Jonathan Morali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AYtfNgnRxI

# BASTILLE feat. Ella - No Angels (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCKNQAjLpLY

# Bastille - Good Grief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWCB3hpJDXM

# Bastille - Things We Lost In The Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGR4U7W1dZU

# Bastille - Pompeii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F90Cw4l-8NY

# Bastille - Bad Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoNYlV07Cf8

# Bastille - Flaws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E36WU9Wzf4

# Bastille - Send Them Off!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn-6fiVkAcA

# Bastille - Blame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iys9IHmDJ1w

# Avicii - For A Better Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq-knHXSKYY

# Avicii - Waiting For Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHHLHGNpCSA

# Avicii - The Nights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtF6Jej8yb4

# Avicii - The Days (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDglMK9sgIQ

# Avicii - Hey Brother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cp6mKbRTQY

# Avicii - You Make Me (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GADx4Hy-Gg

# Avicii - Wake Me Up (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcrbM1l_BoI

# Avicii - Levels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ovdm2yX4MA

# Avicii - Silhouettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VJBBUqr1wM

# The Chainsmokers - Roses (Official Video) ft. ROZES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5Mv2iV0wkU

# The Chainsmokers - Closer (Lyric) ft. Halsey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PT2_F-1esPk

# The Chainsmokers - All We Know (Audio) ft. Phoebe Ryan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEi_XBg2Fpk

# The Chainsmokers - Setting Fires (Lyric) ft. XYLØ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6IAJOOmDMg

# The Chainsmokers - Paris (Lyric)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhU9MZ98jxo

# Coldplay - Viva La Vida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE

# Coldplay - Clocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg

# Coldplay - Paradise (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6ZWlDks0nQ

# Coldplay - A Sky Full Of Stars (Official video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPRjCeoBqrI

# Coldplay - Adventure Of A Lifetime (Official video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtXby3twMmI

# Coldplay - Hymn For The Weekend (Official video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YykjpeuMNEk

# Coldplay - Up&Up (Official video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNTC7uZYrI

# Demi Lovato - Cool for the Summer (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMsHEKy8N14

# Demi Lovato - Confident (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwLRQn61oUY

# Demi Lovato - Body Say (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jca0B2lbqpU

# CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! (From DreamWorks Animation's "Trolls") (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru0K8uYEZWw

# Rudimental Feat Ed Sheeran Lay It All On Me [Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeWbMjr0rRk

# Emma Blackery - Sucks To Be You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK8YDJ4R_xI

# Emma Blackery - Look What You Made Me Do (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8m-Rk0PVLg

# Emma Blackery - Perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nq9RaVSaQPE

# Emma Blackery - The Promise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXdKdgS0ISA

# Galantis - No Money (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUVz4nRmxn4

# Galantis - Runaway (U & I) (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XR7naZ_zZA

# Galantis - Gold Dust (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t10s26GsWvY

# Galantis - Peanut Butter Jelly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDSI20P_eR4

# Galantis & Hook N Sling - Love On Me (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gz9NsNH96Q

# Halsey - Colors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGulAZnnTKA

# Halsey - New Americana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-eYbUVZedY

# Halsey - Gasoline (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRHNi3QfFlE

# Halsey - Roman Holiday (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heMTVlawFmM

# Halsey - Strange Love (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Jo25SL56A

# Halsey - Castle (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rfSHisyHdc

# Halsey - Hold Me Down (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKnG2d9tZdU

# Halsey - Hurricane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FR9G7ioLLmc

# Paramore: Still Into You [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OblL026SvD4

# Paramore: Ain't It Fun [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFEmTsfFL5A

# Paramore: Monster [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoTEnaAI9Fo

# Paramore: Last Hope (LIVE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoYu7K6Ywkg

# B.o.B - Airplanes ft. Hayley Williams of Paramore [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn6-c223DUU

# Zedd - Clarity (Official Video) ft. Foxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxxstCcJlsc

# Zedd - Stay The Night ft. Hayley Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-gyZ35074k

# Fall Out Boy - Centuries (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBr7kECsjcQ

# Fall Out Boy - Immortals (From "Big Hero 6")
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9PxOanFjxQ

# Fall Out Boy - My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (Light Em Up) - Part 1 of 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkIWmsP3c_s

# Bridgit Mendler - "Ready Or Not" LIVE at Billboard: Tastemakers Session
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAox2o5Pb-E

# Jimmy Fallon, Miley Cyrus & The Roots Sing "We Can't Stop" (A Cappella)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mjvfnUAfyo

# Jimmy Fallon, Adele & The Roots Sing "Hello" (w/Classroom Instruments)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yL7VP4-kP4

# Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWNaR-rxAic

# Carly Rae Jepsen - I Really Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV5lzRHrGeg

# MØ - Final Song (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUcXQ--yGWQ

# MØ - Kamikaze (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVD9j36Ke94

# Hailee Steinfeld, Grey - Starving ft. Zedd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwjwCFZpdns

# Hailee Steinfeld - Love Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMpFmHSgC4Q

# Lady Gaga - Million Reasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=en2D_5TzXCA

# Three Days Grace - Human Race (Lyric)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50WH8OpSTS4

# Three Days Grace - "Painkiller"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-U98qkjbYek

# Three Days Grace - Fallen Angel (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuLMDvoshrk

# Three Days Grace - Landmine (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3_otTQrM_Q

# Three Days Grace - Tell Me Why (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7Kzjg18-dM

# Three Days Grace - I Am Machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zx6RXGNISk

# Three Days Grace - So What (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eA35x3zxgY 

# Three Days Grace - Car Crash (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOyMa3rJN8o

# Three Days Grace - Nothing's Fair In Love And War (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNgq1s7Z1w4 

# Three Days Grace - One Too Many (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_aqAbN-1ck

# Three Days Grace - The End Is Not The Answer (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gUcNoC_EAA

# Three Days Grace - The Real You (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI_TvHh0xSc

# Philmont "Closer" **THE OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO**
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqFIPiN_V3g

# Philmont: The Alchemist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFzFzqZW3pg

# Philmont I Am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3b4Ze31TPk

# Philmont - Last Song I Sing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xXw0TgPMEY

# You Will Remain- Philmont
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuaDCvishnY

# Philmont: Ringing In My Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiPCEu6Lxus

# Big Red Gun (Lyric Video) | Billy Talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CGhzZq8RVo

# Billy Talent - Afraid Of Heights (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvK-3Ms3m34

# Ghost Ship Of Cannibal Rats (Lyric Video) | Billy Talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEMkLxAK_54

# Billy Talent - Louder Than The DJ (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM6PA9dwDRY

# Billy Talent - The Crutch - LYRICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k822HHGFxd8

# Billy Talent - Rabbit Down The Hole Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5rnd_q2Ygw

# Time-Bomb Ticking Away (Lyric Video) | Billy Talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZF2Qyhmr3A

# Billy Talent - Leave Them All Behind [LYRICS]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4jNU3Jq7d0

# [HQ-FLAC] Billy Talent - Horses & Chariots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9q4dCYXlew

# Billy Talent - This Is Our War [LYRICS]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfO7izj8TNk

# Billy Talent - February Winds - LYRICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BwTcG8KzFE

# David Garrett - Smooth Criminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSFPQDEkc-k

# David Garrett - he's a pirate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8tHwqvnQtQ

# Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc. (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyHNuVaZJ-k

# Owl City - Fireflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4

# Owl City & Carly Rae Jepsen - Good Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7HmzwI67ec

# To The Sky (From The Soundtrack For The Original Motion P...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukgvTE3A0Ic

# Owl City - Alligator Sky ft. Shawn Chrystopher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tY5RErnakc

# Owl City - Deer In The Headlights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtsX8H7xSek

# Fun.: Some Nights [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQkBeOisNM0

# Fun.: We Are Young ft. Janelle Monáe [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv6dMFF_yts

# Panic! At The Disco: This Is Gospel [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGE381tbQa8

# Panic! At The Disco: LA Devotee [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5dNcKTcnPA

# Panic! At The Disco: I Write Sins Not Tragedies [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6vs-l5dkc

# Panic! At The Disco: Emperor's New Clothes [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qFF2v8VsaA

# Panic! At The Disco: Death Of A Bachelor [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R03cqGg40GU

# Panic! At The Disco - Bohemian Rhapsody (from Suicide Squad: The Album) (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl6oJTB4TpA

# Panic! At The Disco: The Ballad Of Mona Lisa [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOgpdp3lP8M

# Panic! At The Disco: Girls/Girls/Boys [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk8jV7r6VMk

# Panic! At The Disco: Don't Threaten Me With A Good Time [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5NqIsnyTG8

# Panic! At The Disco: Hallelujah [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxYyHHR0Q1c

# Panic! At The Disco: Nine In The Afternoon [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCto3PCn8wo

# Panic! At The Disco : Lying Is The Most Fun... [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AZxUtZ2ZgI

# Panic! At The Disco: House of Memories (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuliCkN2oic

# Panic! At The Disco: Build God, Then We'll Talk [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFSIm3Zeecg

# Panic! At The Disco: Nicotine [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkBxcmxWKAA

# Panic! At The Disco: Ready To Go [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xDf-_8KvGM

# Panic! At The Disco: Let's Kill Tonight [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu2XSQgdQDY

# Panic! At The Disco: Crazy = Genius (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLPTNumhyAY

# Panic! At The Disco: But It's Better If You Do [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBtH2YlNiNc

# Panic! At The Disco: The Good, The Bad and The Dirty (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu55xS1TdoU

# Panic! At The Disco: Impossible Year (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6XHLcIGESY

# Panic! At The Disco: Golden Days (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooEv1cH97HA

# Panic! At The Disco: Casual Affair (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyx0W5UhJGM

# Panic! At The Disco: Vegas Lights (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIs7QtCsUAg

# Nearly Witches P!ATD lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcAB35-RNII

# Hurricane - Panic! At The Disco - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uSHILSLMqE

# Panic! At The Disco:There's A Good Reason These Tables Are Numbered Honey...(Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKfrDroTPRg

# Panic! At The Disco - Sarah Smiles (Letra)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v639MzJa7tQ

# Panic! At The Disco: Collar Full (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZAIEAG6Vgk

# Panic! At The Disco: Far Too Young To Die (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f71XfN_DLI

# Panic! At The Disco: The End Of All Things (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSWIfX_MNCY

# Always - Panic! at the Disco (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoFylcrxdM0

# Panic! At The Disco- When The Day Met The Night (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPPJQNy7bdI

# Panic! At The Disco: Girl That You Love (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSw7geRUT7k

# Panic! At The Disco - Memories (With lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBpuhrGoyck

# Trade Mistakes- Panic! At the Disco Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhEaH0qZCmU

# Panic! At The Disco - Oh Glory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxgOjbXd-DM

# Panic! at the Disco - The Calendar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7t8IaeWxCA

# Panic! at the Disco - I Wanna Be Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHDtsMBg17o

# Panic! at the Disco - Stall Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCvS-h5vpwk

# Ed Sheeran - Shape Of You [Official Lyric Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dK2tDK9grQ

# Ed Sheeran - Castle On The Hill [Official Lyric Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qp5vcuMIlk

# Hardwell - Sally feat. Harrison (LYRICS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y6RM7sLkjo

# One Direction - One Way Or Another (Teenage Kicks)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36mCEZzzQ3o

# One Direction - Story of My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-TE_Ys4iwM

# One Direction - Drag Me Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwgf3wmiA04

# SDP - So schön kaputt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dyn_Q38KB8

# SDP feat. Adel Tawil - Ich will nur dass du weißt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZ58odQo87A

# SDP - Ich muss immer an dich denken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EMFt7m_8yE

# SDP - Kurz für immer bleiben
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGEmoSFI94Y

# Justin Bieber - Confident ft. Chance The Rapper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47YClVMlthI

# will.i.am - #thatPOWER ft. Justin Bieber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGIgXP9SvB8

# Major Lazer - Cold Water (feat. Justin Bieber)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a59gmGkq_pw

# Alex Da Kid - Not Easy (ft. X Ambassadors, Elle King, Wiz Khalifa)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brrIaUlCEow

# X Ambassadors - Unsteady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0lw3qylVfY

# X Ambassadors - Renegades (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8j741TUIET0

# LÉON - Tired of Talking (ft. G Eazy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svqDwayCzHk

# gnash - i hate u, i love u (feat. Olivia O´Brien) (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsCmB0KQxbM
